README.md, before:

# About this repo
This is an archive of scripts used to run experiments in Nicholas Vincent and Brent Hecht's CSCW paper on "Conscious Data Contribution".

Vincent. N. and Hecht, B. 2021.
Can “Conscious Data Contribution” Help Users to Exert “Data Leverage” Against Technology Companies? To Appear in CSCW 2021 / PACM Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing. 

This repo mainly has high-level scripts, as we used software from several other papers to implement various models. Relevant links are below


# ML-10M RecSys experiment code
We used libfm (http://libfm.org/).

Relevant code files: `shuf_ml-10m.py` (creates a single 90-10 train-test split, or 10 folds if modified), `run_libfm.py` (calls the libfm software), `eval_libfm.py` (evaluate model performance).

# Pinterest RecSys experiment code
https://github.com/nickmvincent/RecSys2019_DeepLearning_Evaluation
* TODO: describe which script in `scripts/` was used to 

# CIFAR-10 experiment code
We ran these experiments in a Google Colab notebook (as these experiments used neural networks which benefit from GPUs)
Currently, we have a Google drive link to the .ipynb file below. In the future, we may try to set up a more interactive version, if there is interest.
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_RW8XHYBG3jDgTh43K3GAAO9Mn_8_4S8?usp=sharing

# Wikipedia Toxic Comments experiment code
This code lives in this repo.

See `cdc_split.py` (implements the data prep from Kaggle user guocan https://www.kaggle.com/guocan/logistic-regression-with-words-and-char-n-g-13417e) and `run_cdc_sklearn.py` (driver code for training/testing).

# Paper figures
See `compare_performance.py` (this is a .py file that runs as a Jupyter notebook via Vscode Jupyter notebook feature).

Commit message:

Add direct comparison between 6-class toxic comments and 2-class toxic comments

README.md, after:

# About this repo
This is an archive of scripts used to run experiments in Nicholas Vincent and Brent Hecht's CSCW paper on "Conscious Data Contribution".

Vincent. N. and Hecht, B. 2021.
Can “Conscious Data Contribution” Help Users to Exert “Data Leverage” Against Technology Companies? To Appear in CSCW 2021 / PACM Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing. 

This repo mainly has high-level scripts, as we used software from several other papers to implement various models. Relevant links are below


# ML-10M RecSys experiment code
We used libfm (http://libfm.org/).

Relevant code files: `shuf_ml-10m.py` (creates a single 90-10 train-test split, or 10 folds if modified), `run_libfm.py` (calls the libfm software), `eval_libfm.py` (evaluate model performance).

# Pinterest RecSys experiment code
https://github.com/nickmvincent/RecSys2019_DeepLearning_Evaluation
* TODO: describe which script in `scripts/` was used to 

# CIFAR-10 experiment code
We ran these experiments in a Google Colab notebook (as these experiments used neural networks which benefit from GPUs)
Currently, we have a Google drive link to the .ipynb file below. In the future, we may try to set up a more interactive version, if there is interest.
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_RW8XHYBG3jDgTh43K3GAAO9Mn_8_4S8?usp=sharing

# Wikipedia Toxic Comments experiment code
This code lives in this repo.

See `cdc_split.py` (implements the data prep from Kaggle user guocan https://www.kaggle.com/guocan/logistic-regression-with-words-and-char-n-g-13417e) and `run_cdc_sklearn.py` (driver code for training/testing).

In the paper, we note that 'The binary classification performance of the ML approach is very close to the average performance across the six categories'

Here are the results from the above kaggle notebook:
toxic is 0.978566839758313
severe_toxic is 0.9886024475623884
obscene is 0.990113763853626
threat is 0.9893489760024069
insult is 0.9826925321664285
identity_hate is 0.982642365633132
avg: 0.9853278208293825

We created a binary classification task by treating each comment with a positive label in any category as toxic.
Our binary class reuslts: 0.9745094019688552 for company-perspective (subjective), 0.9720217014497914 for fixed holdout (objective / hidden)

# Paper figures
See `compare_performance.py` (this is a .py file that runs as a Jupyter notebook via Vscode Jupyter notebook feature).
